hello to all of you guys welcome this
brand new sorry videos if Monday and
Tuesday did not video today is
Wednesday and how telethon the title is
how to install hours for free ok
then let's start right away first then
you must go to the site ie you must
go to the site that I leave you in
description and click on descargar
utorrent
in this link once you download you do
double alive should this appear
folder on the desktop at the double click
go to the end go to the last file
double-click
here and post this folder on
north desktop did double click
on this folder will tell you I'm editing
the image
ah yes right and you also need motus
light as always the link in
description once done once
done this you have to go to the computer
and should have recreated bd rom f drives
spore click you do in all the processes of
autorun now as I double click
it does nothing because I already have it
installed however you click on autorun
and do all the procedures
once done you have to go computer
care to hear a strange noise
sorry to look for spore beans
open and once wrong open
we do another computer folder
so that you come back here in crack is
mail tempore to here ah yes right there
will ask for one that I was going to
forget it will ask you for a key while
you are here on autorun will ask you for one
that you go here double click on
crack rdl dirty do you generate click
many times highlight it make a copy e
paste e
paste it after doing all the
rest without opening the game moved
spores with polka dots and once I will make the game
it works obviously i'm sorry not the
multiplayer you want multiplayer
you must pay
I'm sorry the only problem with the cracks
now I now if I can
let's review the open game so we will
see after the boys I'm back here
as you can see the game is working
as soon as the priest should appear of
this screen let me install installments
on online games without registering
many features of our schools
leave registration 18 I do ok
and here as you see you are all
things you click on a star to
start playing you publish here e
choose a phase I have to I must derivative
from the tribun stage these in this
game and you can also create but not
share ok so you see the
game works maybe i even do a
jump on my game
jean gili best as typical this is
the tribe house here is the chief where is the
boss this i can kind of stick it or
socialize with this however this is the
game
now back to the main menu this
here is the game how you see it works
very well and so now I close you
so if you liked the video, leave
I like it but it was useful to you
it happened because windows opens
media center because I hope that anyway
you enjoyed the video
we are nicol dude we meet again
in a nice video next guys
leave online